Add deprecation notices (#313)
flutter-tizen/plugins: packages/sensors/README.md

# sensors_tizen

---

## Deprecation Notice

The `sensors` plugin has been replaced by the [Flutter Community Plus Plugins](https://plus.fluttercommunity.dev) version, [`sensors_plus`](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors_plus). Consider migrating to `sensors_plus` and its Tizen implementation [`sensors_plus_tizen`](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors_plus_tizen).

---

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/sensors_tizen.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors_tizen)

> The Tizen implementation of [`sensors`](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/sensors).

Reviewer: Otherwise LGTM.
```suggestion
The Tizen implementation of [`sensors`](https://pub.dev/packages/sensors).
```
